# GLpygame
Pygame+OpenGL=***COOL THING***

**GLpygame** is a graphics library. It uses OpenGL and provides an interface similar to `pygame`'s(but in C++), and also supports 3D.
It aims to provide a library to easily make graphic applications(such as computer games, CAD, etc.) without worrying about the template code, bytes and the OpenGL API.
I initially made this to provide a library for making computer games with greater flexibility than Unity(because I have access to more low-level APIs, I can do fancy stuff with ease).

# Installing this library
* Download the zip and put all files in a folder and name it whatever you like.
* Include `pygame.hpp`. That's all you need.
* The `2ddemo.cpp` `3ddemo.cpp`, corresponding EXE files, and the `demorsrc` folders can be omitted.

# Compiling your program

<h3> NOTE! YOU NEED TO CREATE A WINDOW AND SET IT AS OPENGL CONTEXT BEFORE INITIALIZING GSDL! </h3>

* you need to install [GLAD](https://glad.dav1d.de) (with OpenGL 4.6+ Core Profile) and add glad.h to the include path, in the "glad" folder.(i.e. `#include<glad/glad.h>` must succeed).
You need to compile your application with `glad.c`(also generated by the website).
You also need to have GLFW ready. install GLFW and make sure `#include<GLFW/glfw3.h>` succeeds.Remember to link `-lglfw3 -lgdi32`!

* Get GLM and put it under folder "glm".(`#include<glm/glm.hpp>`)
* Download FreeType. link with `-lfreetype`. Make sure `#include<ft2build.h>` then `#include FT_FREETYPE_H` works.
* Look at the demo to see how to use the libraries.
* While uncommented(because I am too lazy to leave comments), the source code is relatively clear and can be inspected if unsure about an API.

# Contributing
* Just contribute. See above for how to install/compile your own code.
* I know that hurts, but you cannot write tests.(Because we(read: I) test it ourselves(read: myself))
* That's it!
